**Freeform Strategy ideas and notes**

Automatic replenishment system (ARS). All the systems are very
corporate, and difficult to pick up. Simplicity is key. All concentrate
on single stores, analytics based on a single store. None use an
aggregate. Min/Max is common, some use some better logic with
seasonality/historical data. JDA - is big. Walmart recently started
using a “just in time ARS”. Most cost \$\$! Can we give this away for
free? Dead simple integration is key. Integrate with existing POS.

Is the market saturated? With crap yes, need to offer something more
2015.

Compete with Amazon? Decentralized stores act as WH’s, they keep backlog
of inventory which we can move around freely to where it’s needed.
Expiring stock is a huge loss to stores, but if we move the inventory
around for them as needed, could the stores profit? How could we profit?

We tell you what to sell and when to sell, yes, but how do we prove that
we’re better? HARD, what if we’re free!? Can we offer the complete
service? What if store owners literally just have to own the store and
then make passive money? Can we make an entire (or almost entire system)
that lets store owners sit back and chill? Lots of moving parts,
logistical system on par with Uber tracking inventory between vendors
and moving around as needed.

Use online marketplace + other data(?) to figure out “just in time”
needs and move inventory to needed places. Supplier can’t do this in
time as they sell in bulk. We could move inventory around dozens of
times per day in bulk as needed between stores. Will Uber want to do
this? Let’s not compete with them explicitly.

POS systems struggle with integration with current ARS systems and makes
employee training required. Ex. customer buys a coke and a pepsi.
Employee scans coke twice because it’s easier and the same price. POS
stores 2x cokes sold, 0x pepsi sold. ARS system thinks coke is more
popular than pepsi and thinks there’s 1 less pepsi in inventory.

With distributed ARS + marketplace it's easy to see what the needs are
that are not being met. And with online ordering + movable inventory can
we offer &lt;2hr delivery everywhere?

Make a stand: Unionize the little guys. Fight for the little guys. But
we want to be big? How to convey POWER & humbleness.

Where do we even start? If selling individual stores, this won’t work?
Too difficult? Too many customizations needed per store (must avoid),
talking and making deals per store won’t scale making this a small idea
that would take too long to take off.

Need: 1-click = on the platform and done! Does someone show up and
install something? Or do POS have API we can get to?

Creating a local supply chain. Fine tune control over inventory in
retail stores. Surge inventory (is this a real need). Predictive orders,
aggregate analysis of local needs. We need to have significantly more
information than currently available. Currently takes days/weeks to pre
order goods (cannot A/B test products as it is expensive). Can we cut
this down to a day or hours? Would owners be ok with this being
automatic.

If there’s a fictional centralized suppliers that all stores order from
(including surge inventory) we can abstract movement of inventory
between local shops. This way shops also become wholesale vendors in the
background.

Option 1: Foot in the door: Get analytics, make predictions offer it to
retailers. ex. There’s a marathon next week, go to local coffee shops
and tell them they should stock up on gatorade as they will be able to
sell it (or buy it from us the day before the event?). Afterwards we can
offer a full platform once we have trust.

Option 2: Convince some stores to let us tell them what to sell, or let
us put our products in the store and if they sell we’ll prove we can
offer them a value.

Option 3: Pay \$\$ for retail store’s data which we can then use to make
these analysis. Is some of this already available online for free?

**[*Option
4*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_9sXVEtDfaWJ_Tca2C3QPzpT3CxixuhDRES_18TjObg/edit):
Offer to make a marketplace for free, if they give us inventory,
allowing for automated delivery & online presence. We can then offer
recommendations based on sales.**

**Potential Pivot:** It’s come to my attention that a possible pivot
exists where we concentrate solely helping and automating stores into
become wholesalers. As it stands, this is a completely manual process
and I can’t find any simple solution to allow simple retailers to to
start selling to other retailers. Shopify, maybe?
